README.md, before:

- 👋 Hi, I’m [Elnaril](https://gravatar.com/elnaril). Nice to see you here! :)
- 👀 I’m interested in Python and Blockchains
- 🖥 Freelance developer (ex-developer for top European banks), you can find more about my services on [_**Fiverr**_](https://www.fiverr.com/freelancers/elnaril) and [_**Malt**_](https://www.malt.fr/profile/elnaril):

[![Elnaril profile on Fiverr](https://github.com/Elnaril/uniswap-smart-path/assets/57373038/cd7c7fa0-7d6a-4d85-a468-6b379391c372)](https://www.fiverr.com/freelancers/elnaril)

- 🔨 I'm the author of these open-source libraries:
  - [Python Uniswap Universal Router SDK](https://github.com/Elnaril/uniswap-universal-router-decoder): Easily encode and decode UR transactions.
    - Tutorial: [How to Buy a Token on the Uniswap Universal Router](https://hackernoon.com/how-to-buy-a-token-on-the-uniswap-universal-router-with-python)
    - Tutorial: [How to Use Permit2 with the Uniswap Universal Router](https://hackernoon.com/python-how-to-use-permit2-with-the-uniswap-universal-router)
  - [Python Uniswap Smart Path lib](https://github.com/Elnaril/uniswap-smart-path): Find best Uniswap V2/V3 paths (and use them with the UR SDK).
  - [Python SDK for UniswapX](https://github.com/Elnaril/python-uniswapx-sdk): Easily get, decode, verify and encode UniswapX orders.
  - [Python Async Rate Limiter](https://github.com/Elnaril/credit-rate-limit): For API using credits/CUPS or number of requests per time unit.
    - Tutorial: [How to rate limit Python async requests to Etherscan - and other APIs](https://elnaril.hashnode.dev/how-to-rate-limit-python-async-requests-to-etherscan-and-other-apis)
  - [Gedit Plugins](https://github.com/Elnaril/gedit-plugin-collection):
    - JSON Formatter: Verify, Format and Minify JSON documents
    - Prettifier: Prettify data structures
- ⭐⭐⭐ If you like these libraries ☝️, consider starring them! :) ⭐⭐⭐
- [☕️☕️☕️](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/elnaril) You can also join the [**Supporter Community**](https://github.com/Elnaril/uniswap-universal-router-decoder/discussions/11)! [☕️☕️☕️](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/elnaril)
- 📢 Announcements are posted on [𝕏](https://twitter.com/ElnarilDev) and in the [discussions](https://github.com/Elnaril/uniswap-universal-router-decoder/discussions/categories/announcements): Consider following to get the latest lib updates!

Commit message:

add tutorial for credit-based APIs

README.md, after:

- 👋 Hi, I’m [Elnaril](https://gravatar.com/elnaril). Nice to see you here! :)
- 👀 I’m interested in Python and Blockchains
- 🖥 Freelance developer (ex-developer for top European banks), you can find more about my services on [_**Fiverr**_](https://www.fiverr.com/freelancers/elnaril) and [_**Malt**_](https://www.malt.fr/profile/elnaril):

[![Elnaril profile on Fiverr](https://github.com/Elnaril/uniswap-smart-path/assets/57373038/cd7c7fa0-7d6a-4d85-a468-6b379391c372)](https://www.fiverr.com/freelancers/elnaril)

- 🔨 I'm the author of these open-source libraries:
  - [Python Uniswap Universal Router SDK](https://github.com/Elnaril/uniswap-universal-router-decoder): Easily encode and decode UR transactions.
    - Tutorial: [How to Buy a Token on the Uniswap Universal Router](https://hackernoon.com/how-to-buy-a-token-on-the-uniswap-universal-router-with-python)
    - Tutorial: [How to Use Permit2 with the Uniswap Universal Router](https://hackernoon.com/python-how-to-use-permit2-with-the-uniswap-universal-router)
  - [Python Uniswap Smart Path lib](https://github.com/Elnaril/uniswap-smart-path): Find best Uniswap V2/V3 paths (and use them with the UR SDK).
  - [Python SDK for UniswapX](https://github.com/Elnaril/python-uniswapx-sdk): Easily get, decode, verify and encode UniswapX orders.
  - [Python Async Rate Limiter](https://github.com/Elnaril/credit-rate-limit): For API using credits/CUPS or number of requests per time unit.
    - Tutorial: [How to rate limit Python async requests to Etherscan - and other APIs](https://elnaril.hashnode.dev/how-to-rate-limit-python-async-requests-to-etherscan-and-other-apis)
    - Tutorial: [How to rate limit async requests to credit-based APIs like Infura](https://dev.to/elnaril/python-tutorial-how-to-rate-limit-async-requests-to-credit-based-apis-ahj)
  - [Gedit Plugins](https://github.com/Elnaril/gedit-plugin-collection):
    - JSON Formatter: Verify, Format and Minify JSON documents
    - Prettifier: Prettify data structures
- ⭐⭐⭐ If you like these libraries ☝️, consider starring them! :) ⭐⭐⭐
- [☕️☕️☕️](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/elnaril) You can also join the [**Supporter Community**](https://github.com/Elnaril/uniswap-universal-router-decoder/discussions/11)! [☕️☕️☕️](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/elnaril)
- 📢 Announcements are posted on [𝕏](https://twitter.com/ElnarilDev) and in the [discussions](https://github.com/Elnaril/uniswap-universal-router-decoder/discussions/categories/announcements): Consider following to get the latest lib updates!
